docs: Iterate on the OTel Engine Documentation (#5404)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/shared/stability/experimental_otel.md

---
canonical: https://grafana.com/docs/alloy/latest/shared/stability/experimental_otel/
description: Shared content, experimental
headless: true
---

> **EXPERIMENTAL**: This is an [experimental][] feature.
> Experimental features are subject to frequent breaking changes, and may be removed with no equivalent replacement.
>
> Although the {{< param "OTEL_ENGINE" >}} is an experimental feature, it's not hidden behind a stability [flag][].
> The {{< param "OTEL_ENGINE" >}} isn't a component or a feature of a component.
> It's a sub-command that's included in {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}}.

> > Make sure that you understand the risks involved in utilizing an experimental feature if you choose to use this in your production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To maintain full compatibility of the {{< param "OTEL_ENGINE" >}} with the upstream OpenTelemetry Collector and expose a compatible command line interface, the {{< param "OTEL_ENGINE" >}} is not hidden behind a stability [flag][].
>
> Make sure that you understand the risks involved before using an experimental feature in your production environments.
```
